Who do you miss?
What's your best "FUCK IT, I'LL DO THIS." moment?
What's your best "I met a celebrity and he/she was really nice" story?
What's your best "I met a celebrity and he/she was an asshole" story?
To those who got "out" from a specific religious group: What's the first "sin" that you indulged yourself into to celebrate and how did it feel doing it?
What's your best (or worst) story behind a scar?
Guys: If you had a purse, what would you carry in it?
What is the most accidentally offensive thing you ever said as a child?
You're invisible and inaudible for 24 hours. What do you do?
What is the most annoying character from a show or a movie?
Why aren't there any female voices doing movie trailers?
Why aren't there any pictures of albino dicks on the internet?
What do you suck at doing but keep trying anyway?
What is the best back room casting couch ever? (NSFW)
People that have been shot, was it as painful as one would think it would be?
Ladies, what the best, non-sexual thing that a man can do to display his affection for you?
What line from a book hit you so hard that it made you cry?
What is the best book you have ever read?
I have a big ass cardboard box, what should I create?
Parents of adult children, do you regret any aspect of how you raised your kids after witnessing their behavior or personalities as adults?
What is the most clever rap line you've heard?
What is the most comforting thought you know?
What's the first compact disc you bought?
What is the most controversial thing to ever happen on reddit.
What movie title describes your last trip to the bathroom?
What is the most desperate attempt at "karmawhoring" that you have seen on Reddit?
If your username determined your profession, what would it be?
People that have discovered their parent(s) were in porn at one time — how did you find out and how did you react?
What is the most disturbing suicide note you can come up with in 2 sentences or less?
What is the most disturbing thing your kid has said when taking about their "imaginary friend"?
What single word do you hate the most?
People who don't drink alcohol, what made you decide not to drink / quit drinking?
Ladies, have you ever visited a male prostitute? How was it and why did you go?
What is the best first line to a story you can create?
What do you want for Christmas?
Gamers, what's a game with multiplayer you wish you could experience [again] in it's prime?
What fad are you glad you didn't get into?
What word do you hate people using when they are referring to something sexual ?
Who here doesn't have friends? (I don't and I want to talk about it)
Black people who have spent time in both the US and the UK--How do you perceive Black identity to differ between the two countries, if at all?
What scar do you have, that has a really dumb story behind it?
Japanese People, how is the attack on Pearl Harbor taught in your schools and / or generally perceived in your country?
Married couples, how similar or dissimilar in intelligence are you to your spouse? How does that aspect of your relationship affect your marriage?
What is the best ice breaker date to take someone?
How would things in the United States change if large companies like Apple and Nike didn't outsource productions, and manufactured everything in the US?
What is the most inappropriate thing one could shout at climax?
If you came with instructions, what would it say?
What is the most interesting gossip you've heard about yourself that is absolutely not true?
What's your most interesting NSFW fact?
What is that one intrusive thought that you always think about and can't get rid of?
What's your most irrational fear?
Pranksters, what is the best prank you've ever pulled?
Doctors/Lawyers, is there anyone you've refused to treat/defend, and if so, why?
Is college worth it anymore?
How did you know it was Love?
What is a cheesy joke that actually makes you laugh?
How can a person make you dislike them immediately?
What do you most miss from your childhood?
What bothers you most about getting older?
What clip from a movie or TV show traumatized you as a child?
Other than "hold my beer" and "watch this" what do you think the most common famous last words of people before they do something dumb and die?
Your username is now a cult and you are the leader. What do you believe ? What authority do you have ? How do people join ?
Your username is now your child/future child's career. How bad is it?
People, have any of you stayed with a high school boyfriend or girlfriend after you finished school? How did it turn out?
If you could add ONE subreddit to the default list of subreddits, which one would you add?
If you could ask one yes or no question and immediately get the answer, what would you ask?
Did you ever get over your first love?
What is the best pick up line you know?
What's the worst pickup line that has actually worked for you?
What's your best piece of tough advice?
What's the worst question to ask someone?
What is commonly regarded as a myth, but is actually true?
If you had to be reincarnated into any animal of your choice, which would you choose, what would you do and why?
What is the most ridiculous health myth you have heard?
What has someone said or done that made you instantly dislike them?
What song do you secretly love, but will deny if asked?
What is the best smartphone game?
What is the most socially unacceptable thing you could do in the room/area you're in right now ?
Parents, what is something your child has done that you can never forgive them for?
What "feel good" song has a darker meaning than people think?
How does Netflix stream movies in high quality smoothly while YouTube can't even stream a minute long video without buffering?
What non-default subreddit should everyone subscribe to?
What's the worst taste you've ever had in your mouth?
What's something that can't be proven but you still believe?
What's something that everyone over thinks?
What is a phrase that people say that annoys the hell out of you?
What's something that you did as a kid or a teenager that makes you cringe up really bad to this day?
If the last song that you listened to was played at your funeral what would it be?
What's something that's made you cry with laughter that you can share with everyone? 
What are some of the best part-time jobs most people don't know about?
What are some of the biggest flaws?
Doctors, what is the biggest mistake you've made?
When do you have the least self-control?
How did you meet the love of your life?
Waiters, what is the weirdest thing that you have over heard customers talking about?
Parents who gave their children unique names, have you ever regretted or doubted the name you gave them?
What is the best thing about being your gender?
What unrealistic thing on TV annoys you the most?
What's the worst thing that has ever happened to your butt?
What's the worst thing to say on a first date?
What's the worst thing you've ever gotten in trouble for in school?
What's your best three-worded insult? 
Where can you go to meet people by yourself?
If everybody had to name themselves when they turned five, what would your name have been?
If you were able to push a button to go back 10 seconds, what point in the past would you have pushed it and why?
What is your "go to" movie? Whether you're happy, sad, sick, bored, drunk or high what is the one movie you would watch?
What's the worst TV series you've seen in its entirety?
What is the most uncomfortable question you could ever ask someone?
Married men- how unreasonable is it for wives to expect you to not watch porn and/or masturbate. Do you all do it?
If you could sum up your life up to this point in 4 words, what would they be?
What is the most visually stimulating film you have ever seen?
As a child, what was your biggest misconception about anything?
What is the best way to end an argument in one sentence?
What is the best way to stop nail-biting?
What is the best website other than reddit?
What stupid shit were you afraid of as a kid?
Disabled people, what are some things that people do to try and help you but actually irritates the hell out of you?
Identical twins, what is the greatest "switcharoo" you have pulled off?
In your opinion, what is the most underrated TV show?
Without context, what is your highest rated comment on reddit?
Westboro baptist will be picketing a soldiers funeral in my town saturday. What are some legal ways to make them as uncomfortable as possible?
What movie quote would you chose for your funeral speech?
What quote gives you chills every time you hear or read it?
Guys: What makes you cry?
What's something you found out about your parents that you could've gone without knowing?
What photo makes you happy whenever you see it?
What asshole are you obligated to buy a gift for, and what kind of gift are you getting them.
What's something you wanted more than anything, then wanted to get rid of it soon after you got it?
What's something you're deeply proud of, but wouldn't put on your resumè?
What's something you're really good at but don't necessarily enjoy doing?
What's something you've learned from video games?
What's one thing you've learned from video games?
What are some of your favorite science jokes?
What would be in your personal hell?
Can you describe your sexual history in 5 words or less?
What's the best "good" villain movie?
Former McDonalds' employees, what's the worst McDrama that your store had?
Bartenders, what's your best 'I'm cutting you off" story.
Adults that aren't my parents, how important are grades really?
What's a lie you've told that's now gotten out of hand? NSFW
What do you hate, but rely on?
What Video Games, series acceptable, gave you the most enjoyment over a long period of time?
Delivery Drivers, what is the strangest/scariest customer you've ever delivered to?
On the other end, what's the most AWESOME thing that's ever happened at a sleepover?
Cancer survivors, when did you first notice something was wrong?
If you had a one-way time machine, where would you go and why?
Married couples...how do you "fight well"?
What is the best/strangest thing you have seen through someone's window? 
People in their 40s, what advice would you give to People in their 20s (stories appreciated)?
Cancer Survivors; How did you find the courage to keep fighting. I'm struggling.
If your life is a book, what's the title of the chapter you're in now?
If you could establish one law of your choice, what would it be?
How do you feel about "friends" who invite everybody to places except for you?
What is a true fact that sound completely unbelievable or fake?
Holiday Megathread 4: What is the weirdest holiday tradition your family has?
Those who have had a sexual encounter with someone from a craigslist ad, how did it happen and what happened?
For those that had attended a funeral for a person who died a "funny" or comedic death, what was it like?
Parents of drug addicts, how did you feel when you found out your child was using? Where are they now? How do you feel about them now?
What is still "Made in America" that is the best in the world?
People with mental illnesses, what's an analogy of your illness to help others who don't understand an idea of what you're going through.
What are some small, insignificant things that irritate you? (i.e. stepping on cracks in sidewalk)
Have people actually gotten in trouble for opening NSFW content at work? Best stories?
People not from America, what do your history books say about America?
What piece of stand up comedy (10 minutes or less) has successfully made you cry with laughter?
How old are you and what is your biggest life lesson thus far?
What are some pranks that don't hurt anyone?
If your significant other came with a warning sign, what would it say?
What is a nightmare from your childhood you still vividly remember?
What did you do as a kid that seemed normal, but looking back was extremely weird?
Teachers, what has been your best 'angry parent' moment so far?
When and where was the first time you gave/received a blowjob? Was it what you expected it to be?
Actors who are casted for roles of the overweight, unattractive, outcast type: Even though the other actors are reading from a script, do the hurtful things they say about your appearance ever personally affect you? How do you mentally prepare yourself for that kind of role?
Sleepwalkers. What is the strangest thing you have done or seen someone do while sleepwalking?
Dry cleaners, what is the strangest item you ever come across in a customer's pocket?
Tea drinkers, what is your favorite kind of tea? And, what do you like to put in your tea?
Young people: what is your greatest fear about "growing up?"
What's a word that sounds dirty, but really isn't?
Does the fact that we don't have time travel right now suggest that we will never have time travel in the future?
Thanksgiving Megathread - What are you thankful for?
Teachers, Ever have a crush on one of your students?
Prison guards, have you ever felt bad for a prisoner and why?
To people that saw "The Empire Strikes Back" when it came out in theaters, how big of a surprise was it that Darth Vader was Luke's father?
What's the most awkward thing that's happened at a sleepover?
People who have been cheated on and decided to stay with their SO, how did it go/is it going and what are your tips for coping?
People who have been in a coma before, what was it like?
People who have been in a coma, do you remember any of it? How long were you in it, and what caused the coma?
People who have been on reality, makeover, home makeover and other similar television shows: Was it worth it? Do you feel like it was a good experience? Are you still happy with how it turned out?
People who have been resuscitated after dying, how did it happen and what was it like?
People who have been treated for Depression, Bipolar Disorder, or another emotional issue like it, what convinced you to get help for it? What was it like?
People who have believed the world was going to end, what was your experience like when it did not?
If you are not able to lie for a day, what questions would you be afraid of being an asked?
What is the one book you wish to be made into a film?
People w/ plastic surgery- Do you regret it, or are you happy with your decision?
What would America look like if 9/11 didn't happen? Serious
My name is America. If you were to try to pick me up from the bar, what line would you use?
If you could punch one person in the world with no repercussions, who would you punch?
What video game character do you hate the most?
People who have cheated or been unfaithful in a relationship- Why'd you do it?
Students and teachers, what are some hilarious/odd/wtf tales from your school? (NSFW)
What are some social strategies you deliberately and consciously employ?
What lazy pronunciations make your blood boil? Which ones get a pass?
If you were the creator of the universe, what would you add/change and why?
What are some 2nd albums that are vastly superior to the band's first album?
Photographers and Artists who work with nude or half-naked models, how do you deal with sexual arousal while on the job?
If Reddit existed in the 1400's, what would the most popular subreddits be?
Have you ever had sex with a good friend? How did it turn out afterwards?
Parents: what did you take for granted before you had children?
What accident did you try to cover up as a child, realizing now that it was obvious to everyone?
What item, if made instantly invisible, would cause the most chaos?
Bullies of suicide victims; how did you feel after finding out the news?
What movie(s) made you think "Holy shit this is going to be good" in the first 10 minutes?
People who have deleted your Facebook account, why'd you do it?
What is the weirdest way you ever injured yourself?
What is the weirdest/stupidest thing your pet has done?
Who is the best developed fictional character?
What Sub-reddit do you browse often, but won't subscribe to (in case you're found out)?
I'm going to have 20K saved by next year, whats the best way to make money off my money?
Who wants to have a battle of puns with me?
If you could have an endless supply of any food, what would you get?
If you could make any animal the size of a common house cat to have as your pet, which animal would you choose?
Women: what's the most memorable compliment you've ever received?
What simple piece of advice, if followed, could potentially save most people a lot of money?
If you could have one question answered, what would it be?
If you could have sex with anyone in the entire world who would it be and why?
What's one of the smallest things that makes you the happiest?
If Mythology were the majority religion of today, what people of recent history (1900s-2000s) would we have accepted to be demigods.
Did you ever come to a point where you said "Ok, I have to change my personality!"? Tell me your story.
What am I suppose to say to, "You're so quiet."
Girls, what's the weirdest thing you put in your vagina? NSFW
What is one movie you can absolutely quote word for word?
Babysitters. Have you ever been propositioned into have sex with your clientele, and what are some weird stories that have occurred while on the job (NSFW)
Pick any nickname you want for yourself, but the next commenter gets to decide why people call you that.
Recruiters and Head hunters, what problems do you face when trying to find good candidates?
If there's one reason/thing why aliens won't talk to us, what is it?
Have you ever cheated on an official school test/exam and how?
What fictional death has affected you the most?
If you didn't need to work another day, how would you spend the rest of them?
What do people need to STOP doing?
Have you ever been in a survival situation? If so, how did it happen and how did you make it out?
What was the moment when you knew you had to break up with your SO?
What was the moment when you realized "I'm getting old"?
What is the number one thing to do on your bucket list?
What has the internet ruined for you?
What are two superpowers that, while not individually powerful, become unstoppable when used together?
Former cult-members, what made you initially join? How did you get out of it?
If the richest person in the world handed you a blank check and said you can buy one thing, what would you buy?
Who is the one person that you believe changed the world more than anyone else has?
What unethical research do you think would be beneficial for the future of mankind?
Has anybody successfully citizen arrested someone? Why and how did it work out?
What is the biggest "Red Flag" you should have taken more serious in someone you've dated?
What was the lamest comment you received gold for?
What's the greatest distance you've traveled only to find the trip was in vain?
What's the funniest episode of a television show you've seen?
What is the sexiest GIF/Image you know of?
What is the biggest human flaw?
What is the easiest or best way to turn $100 into $1000 that isn't a scam?
Who is the luckiest person in history?
Who is the scariest person that actually existed?
What's the weirdest porn video you watched but still got off to? NSFW
What's the weirdest question you've ever been asked?
What's the weirdest situation/event you've witnessed, that to this day you can't explain?
What is the saddest song (contextually and musically) you know?
What's the weirdest thing you've experienced in bed?
When is the closest you have ever been to killing somebody?
What's the scariest, funniest or most messed up thing you've ever woken up to see? NSFW
What's the scariest/creepiest video on the Internet that doesn't involve blood or death?
What's the weirdest/funniest thing you've heard two strangers arguing about?
What do you regret most in life?
If present you met past you what would be the first thing out of your mouth?
What is one gadget, if invented, you would buy in an instant?
If you won a lifetime supply of one food item, what item would you want that to be?
Those who have never been in a relationship, why?
What would you NEVER DO, as a guest in someone else's home?
If you met the Devil and he offered you anything, literally Anything at all, in exchange for your soul, What is the ONE thing you'd want?
What jobs won't exist in 10-20 years?
What is a part of a movie no matter how many times you see you are guaranteed to laugh?
Men and women, if gender standards were reversed, which would you be most afraid of?
What's the best feature of your house? What would you recommend getting?
People who have felt insecure and overwhelmed in grad school - how does life after the PhD compare?
Women who never felt the need to settle down. Do you have regrets? Or, was it a good decision?
What was stolen from you?
What is something every one around you is obsessed about yet you don't see the appeal?
What is something everyone does, but it is not okay to discuss for some reason? NSFW
What is one thing everyone should know, if not learn, how to do?
What is something everyone should own but nobody usually buys?
Tell me something I don't know?
If you could hang out with anyone in existence for 1 day, who would it be?
What is something that has been accepted as a "social norm" that bugs you?
What is something that is common, but you have never done?
What is something that is normal, if explained in another way is actually creepy?
What is one thing that is not taught at school, but definitely should be?
What is something that people do ,without even realising, which irritates you endlessly?
What is something that you own that you don't use for its intended purpose?
If you were going to become stuck in a "Groundhog Day" type scenario, but you could which day you would be forced to relive over and over, which day would you choose?
What is something you 'made the switch to' and now can't imagine switching back?
What is one thing you always make sure you never run out of?
What is something you always say but rarely mean?
What is one thing you are glad doesn't have wings?
What is something you can name 100 of by memory alone?
What is something you could do as a kid and you wish you still could do now?
What is something you have never seen but are sure that it exists?
What is something you love and hate at the same time?
What is one thing you refuse to be open-minded about?
What is something you regretted doing the second after you did it?
What is something you thought you would never do and did it?
What is something your dad/mom did that rubbed off on you as you got older?
What's the strangest compliment you've recieved?
What is your biggest failure of 2013?
What is your biggest fuck up/regret in 2013 so far?
What is your biggest issue with your current living situation?
What was the biggest plot twist in your life?
What's the strangest way you've lost or damaged your cellphone?
What is your biggest WORRY at the moment?
What was your "oh crap, wrong person" moment?
What wasn't worth it?
Women that have had a breast augmentation, are you glad you did it, and how has it affected your day to day life?
People who have had lucid dreams: what did you do in them?
What fictional character do you like, but in real life would probably not want to be around?
Veterinarians, what are the worst things non-abusive people do that harms their pets?
Psychologists. What fun tips and tricks do you have that any normal person can use? Examples in description.
Psychiatrists, what is the most troubling/disturbing thing you have had to deal with?
911 Operators, what is the weirdest story you have from your job?
What's a movie that would be entirely different if you added a type of fruit to its title?
What is a view that you agree with, but that people take too far?
Without saying what you did, why did you do it?
Without saying what your job is, what happens if you mess up at work?
911 operators, what's the most disturbing or scary call you ever received?
Car mechanics, what's the weirdest or most face-palm-worthy story you have on the job?
Without saying the actual joke, whats the punchline for your joke?
What movie has the best death scene?
The setting of the last movie you watched becomes your coming afterlife. Are you excited to die?
People outside the US, what are you taught in school about America?
If Animals had their own Reddit, what would some of their sub Reddit's be?
What's the smoothest line youve ever used on a girl before?
How to give my children a good Christmas with no income?
Parents of gay children, when did you realize your child might be gay, and how did it make you feel?
What's the one thing about life you find hardest to accept?
What two words should not go together?
If you were filthy rich, what would you still refuse to buy?
What is your anti-bucket list. Namely, the top things you wish never will do before you die.
Parents of identical twins: How did you tell them apart as babies? Did you ever mix them up?
What human conflicts do you think aliens would laugh at?
Former drug/ addicts,, how did you overcome your addiction?
What's the one picture on the internet that gives you an instant boner/lady boner. 
Who is someone widely considered to be attractive that you disagree with?
What old viral videos have we all forgotten about?
What's the creepiest comment you've had said to you whilst at work?
What is the scariest person, place, or thing in the world?
What's your dirtiest secret?
What is the funniest subreddit you visit?
What is the craziest thing ever aired on live television
What's the "manliest" thing you've ever done?
What's the most ignorant or idiotic thing you've heard anybody say?
Girls of r/gonewild, what makes you post there?
If time travel will ever be possible in the history of time, wouldn't we have already seen a time traveler?
I'm legit stuck in an elevator.. Any ideas in how to pass the time.
People who work in Lost and Found, what's the weirdest thing you ever had in your inventory?
What is the origin of your favorite inside joke between you and others?
Tattoo artists, in your opinion, what is likely to be the most regrettable tattoo you have ever given someone?
If someone were inevitably dying in your arms and they asked you to sing them a song, which song would you sing to them and why?
Too many depressing offspring threads. Parents, why are you PROUD of your children?
What's the #1 thing you miss about being a kid?
What are some things you do that you believe is common courtesy, but do not see others doing enough?
What, in your opinion, is the most useless thing ever?
What, in your opinion, is the most convincing photo captured of something supernatural?
What, in your opinion, is the worst subreddit on this site?
What's the most interesting thing you own?
What's your job interview horror story?
What's a discontinued food item (packaged product or item at a restaurant) that you really miss?
If ONE superstition was actually true, which one would create the most havoc?
What was your weirdest dream?
What are some weirdly satisfying things to do besides popping a pimple?
If gay marriage is allowed under the thought process of "equal rights between consenting adults", then why is polygamy still illegal and why is there no movement to make it legal?
Who do you feel is the funniest living person?
Employers, what is the most ridiculous thing someone has said during a job interview?
Parents: What's it like to watch your children never find anyone/remain alone?
What's a bad habit you can't seem to kick?
Who's your favorite antagonist?
Hackers/Virus writers, why do you do what you do?
Anyone that received a dishonorable discharge from any of the armed forces, what happened and did it have any consequences on your civilian life?
People who have joined the Mile High Club, how did you get away with it?
What do you think will be the major news headlines of 2014?
How would you like your remains disposed of?
Non-English speakers, are there any 'untranslatable' words in English?
What is the quickest way to make someone question their own sanity?
When you were a kid, what did you think the WORST part of being an adult would be?
What was the riskiest move pulled in history that worked out?
Although we all know it is safest method of travel, what aspect of commercial flying discomforts you?
How are dreadlocks kept clean?
Medical personnel, what was the most uneducated statement a patient has said to you?
You are in a duel, your opponent is unknown. Weapon choice is yours, but your opposition receives the exact same weapon. What do you chose?
What is your real-life love story?
Men, what's the last thing that made you cry?
What are your bold predictions for 2014?
What moment completely shattered you, ruined you, or broke your heart completely?
What are some self help books to help with depression/sadness/rough patches in life? A book that can change your life.
If you were an alien, how would you approach earth?
What gives your life meaning?
You win $100 million but can only spend it on evil. How do you use the money?
Who could we realistically see running for the US Presidency in 2016 on either side?
Now that we're all being bombarded by Christmas music 24-7. what Christmas song do you absolutely hate?
I feel like I will never be happy. what makes you happy?
Can you sum up all your problems in 6 words or less?
If I have a (small) suspicion that my pre-teen nephew is gay, and his parents are conservative and anti-gay, how can I express preemptive support for him without explicitly accusing him of being gay?
Have you ever called 911? If yes, why?
What are you really good at, but wish you weren't?
If humans suddenly had definitive proof that the afterlife was real, how would society change?
Using a line from a film, what's the worst possible thing you could say during or immediately after sex?
What do you dream of becoming famous for?
People who have made their own subreddit that has failed to gather attention: what is your subreddit and why should we visit it?
Men, Who's Your Mancrush?
Which Disney Animated film would you like to see remade as a gritty, R/M-Rated flick?
Whats that one embarrassing thing you did a long time ago, but still think about regularly?
What should I name my dog? I'll pick the top comment and show you his new dog tag as proof.
What are some some video games long overdue for a sequel/remake?
What are your comfort movies?
If you could eliminate one thing from the face of the earth, what would it be?
If you were given $5000, but had to spend it on something worthless, what would it be?
People working in college admissions, what are the most ridiculous things people have done to try to better their chances?
What superstition do you follow, even though you don't really believe in it?
If every human on Earth went to sleep over the next 24 hours as they normally would, but didn't wake up for 7 whole days, what effects would we see when we came to?
Who's a person in history that is deserving of much more praise or much less?
What would happen if the Chinese moon rover removed the American flag from the moon?
What warning sign or disclaimer most has the opposite of its intended effect?
What one word/concept or item which has been frequently used over the past ten years -- will rarely be used ten years from now?
When life-long indoor cats accidentally get lost, where are the best place to look for them?
Do you know anyone who cheated, on the day of their wedding?
People who declined a wedding proposal, why did you say no?
What movie line never gets old to you?
What about getting older has surprised you the most?
What is the strangest insult you've ever received?
What is the strangest or riskiest place you have ever masturbated? 
What is the strangest thing you have found in your house after having a party?
People with chronic illnesses, how do you do it? The day to day, just life? (Serious)
If you had a warning label, what would it say?
What movie that no matter how many times you have seen it, you never get tired of it?
What smells are nostalgic for you?
Out of all seasons for all TV shows: what was the most unneeded or regrettable season for a particular show?
What are questions that you don't like to answer, and why?
Vegetarians/vegans. What made you decide to switch your diet?
What single moment changed your life forever?
You are being hunted down by the main character of the last video game you played, how fucked are you?
To the People who can lucid dream, what techniques do you use to go into a lucid dream?
If Reddit were to create a 2013 time capsule to be opened in 100yrs time, what would you put into it?
What's your go to insult?
If you were to go into battle, just you vs. 100 small unarmed teddy bears, what would be your weapon of choice?
Older men, why do you enjoy being naked in Gym locker rooms?
What celebrity do you look like?
What firstname do you wish to give your child but probably wouldn't?
You're falling to your death and have 3 seconds to yell something. What do you yell?
What are some good examples of 'the future is now'?
What is a piece of music that everybody knows but nobody knows the name of?
What's your (Alcoholic) drink of choice?
How many 5 year olds could you take if they all swarmed you at once?
What is one random fact of trivia you know?
Guys, what are some of your everyday struggles that women don't know about?
If the world becomes unified under one government, what city do you think would be the capital? Why?
Women, what is something socially unacceptable for men to do, but you wished they would do it anyway?
What is the common complement you get?
What is an opinion opposing yours that just makes you fucking laugh?
What free stuff on the internet should everyone be taking advantage of?
What is easier done than said?
Athletes, what songs get you pumped up and ready to play?
What movie was too unbearable for you to finish?
Dentists, what toothpaste do you recommend?
Suicide hotline operators, what is it like?
Historians/Anthropologists who study ancient cultures, if you could have one question answered about a particular society or event, what would it be?
What is a meal popular in your culture/country that sounds questionable but tastes amazing?
People who monitor security cameras, whats the most funny/embarrasing/WTF thing someone has done when they didn't know they were on camera?
Whats a product or service that is a complete scam but still being sold legally?
What is your favorite Christmas movie?
What is your favorite corny joke?
What is your favorite fake TV show/movie/product?
What is your favorite line from a book?
What is your favorite painting?
Anyone who was born deaf and gained hearing later in life. What was the first sound you ever heard? How did it make you feel?
If you were a ghost how would you haunt people?
If you were a ghost, how would you act? What would you do to pass the time?
What name have you always wanted? Why?
What's holding you back?
Aliens: how do you disguise yourself to avoid detection?
What film left you emotionally drained after watching it?
Teachers: have you ever been attracted to a student? If so, how did you handle it?
Teachers, have you ever taught a class where your kids were in it? What was it like and how did you deal with it?
Which songs do you find it impossible to have sex to?
What cereal do you prefer to eat dry?
What are some thoughts that you have which you find strangely comforting?
What, for you, would be the worst part about having no hands.
Which old game would you most love to see updated to modern standards?
If you married your high school boyfriend/girlfriend would your life be different? where would you be today?
How did you or your spouse propose?
What is your favourite adult joke on a children's show?
What is your favourite all time "internet thing"?
What is your favourite TV theme tune?
If you had to shove the last thing you purchased up your ass, how much would it hurt?
The Australian Government have just announced that they are clearing 3 million cubic metres of the great barrier reef for a coal terminal. what can the average person can do about actively stopping situations like these.
What's the most overpaid job?
Who is the most overrated musician?
What movie/tv show character had a completely undeserving death?
Concerning your own phobias, what is reserved for you in your own chamber in hell?
What's the best part about your job in 5 words or less?
Apps which rate people like hotels - what do you make of them?
People who've experienced heart attack, stroke or organ failure, what did it feel like?
What is your deepest, darkest secret?
What's the best pick up line you know?
What is the creepiest ghost/camp fire story you have ever heard?
Rich, single people. How do you avoid gold diggers when dating?
What are your unpopular opinions?
Do you have any post-break up rituals?
What's the most profound thought you had while high?
What's the best quote YOU'VE ever came up with?
Write your answer in the form of a haiku. What was your last sexual experience like?
If you get cancer in the USA and have no or little insurance and can't afford the medical bills do you just die?
What's the number one reason you hate your job?
What is one super power that you think seems more like a curse?
What is a popular trend that makes you sincerely mad?
Has anyone litteraly shit themselves from being afraid?
What two-word phrase is the most intimidating?
Men, if roles were reversed, what pickup line would work on you?
Employees what are some little known facts about the places you've worked that make them unappealing?
What recurring dreams do you have?
What is your secret you haven't told your partner/spouse yet?
What's your favorite dark humor joke?
What's your favorite fun fact?
Who is your favorite minor character in a movie/tv show?
What's your favorite misheard lyric?
What's your favorite movie from your childhood that today's kids have probably never heard of?
What's your favorite movie that isn't repeatedly mentioned in askreddit?
What's your favorite porn category? And why? 
What's your favorite way to say you need to poop?
What's your favorite weapon?
How can you utterly confuse someone most in ten words or less?
You and your username get in a fight. Who wins?
If ghosts were proven to be real, how would that change the way you see life?
What is one controversial fact that many don't know or simply won't accept?
How did you destroy a person's life?
What are your worst "meeting the parents" stories?
When was your worst timing for laughing ?
What was your worst/most embarrassing wardrobe malfunction?
Who here has started a business? Successfully or unsuccessfully, I want to hear your experiences!
Driver's Ed instructors, What is the scariest moment you've had while in a car with a student driver?
If literally every action a human can perform was an Olympic sport, which events would you win medals in?
Carry out delivery drivers, whats the most memorable experience youve seen inside somebody's house? (nsfw)
What was the story of your first love?
Religious leaders (Ministers, Pastors, Preists, Imams, Rabbis, etc.), are there any standard parts of your respective services that are theologically irrelevant under your faith but are done to satisfy the expectations of your congregation?
Taxi drivers: Has a fare ever jumped into your car and said, "Follow that car"?
What weird things does your s.o do in his/her sleep?
To anyone who has donated $1000+ to a kickstarter project, what did it go to and why did you feel the need to donate so much?
Parents: what was it like to watch your child(ren) fall in love?
What still brings out the kid in you?
Cashiers, what is something customers do on a regular basis that annoys the hell out of you?
I have $20, whats the most efficient way I can spend this to eat for a week.
Salesmen, what is the most outlandish sales pitch you ever successfully used to sell a product?
What is your rags to riches story?
Which quote gives you chills every time you hear or read it?
What photo leaves you speechless ?
Whats a tv series you would like to have a additional season to but know it would never happen?
How would you describe your Ex using only movie titles?
How would you describe your masturbation habits using a book/movie title?
Blind people, based on voice alone, who is the hottest woman alive?
What's the most sexually risky thing you've ever done?
What are some basic tips that can considerably refine appearance?
What is a profession where a liar can succeed?
Women: What are some of the things you've gotten away with simply because you're female?
Women, what are some things that you do when no one is around, that men wouldn't suspect?
What is a skill someone can learn in 6 months that will impress employers on a resume?
When have you suspected that an acquaintance, friend or relative might be suffering from a mental illness?
What are your best "Don't tell Mom" stories?
What's the biggest animal you think you could beat in a fight?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What was the worst date you've been on?
What are some must have google chrome extensions?
What was the first job you ever had as a teenager?
People whose first language is not English: what English words sound hilarious/ridiculous to you?
What's the biggest misconception about your country?
What's the dumbest question someone's ever asked you?
What's the hottest rule 34 you've ever seen?
What is the rudest thing a teacher has ever done to you?
What's the biggest thing that you said you will never do (again) but you did it anyway?
What was the first video game you ever played?
What's the dumbest way you have injured yourself?
What's the saddest yet most uplifting/beautiful song to listen to?
What's the fastest you've seen someone fired from a job?
What is a one MUST-WATCH video? (NSFW)
Which music artist/group did you discover accidentally this year and loved their album?
Do you think prostitution is acceptable way of work?
What is your best "I am never telling mom and dad" moment when you were a kid?
What is the least classy thing you have done in a classy setting?
How much would it cost to carve a dick in the side of a mountain, similar to mount Rushmore?
What are the best Cyber Monday deals you know about?
What is your most disturbing, scary, or creepy real story?
What is your most Embarrasing story of Elementary school?
What was the most fucked up or embarrassing Christmas gift you ever received?
What's a law that is broken almost everyday, but is not a big deal?
For the men, what is something you're sure other men do? 
What is the worst kindor?
What have you got on Ctrl+V right now?
What are your pet peeves?
What is the worst personality trait someone could have?
Americans at what point would you rebel by force?
What is your most shameful 'walk of shame' story?
Whats the coolest shit you get online for around $20?
What is the worst smell you've ever encountered?
If your last sent text message was to be broadcasted to the world, what would it say?
What is your most unusual shower habit?
Haircutters, what was the nastiest hair you've ever had to cut?
Prostitutes, what was your first time like?
In 30 Years, What Will Be Remembered About the 00s?
Since it's almost winter here in the US, whats the most annoying thing about the winter season?
What single tweet would cause the greatest mayhem?
Salespeople, what's something that people could haggle on the price of but don't realize it?
Lazy people, what's your favorite life shortcut?
What video game tells the best story?
Dentists, how often do YOU floss?
Teachers: How often do you overhear students talking about drugs / alcohol, and do you really care?
Pilots/Flight Attendants, what is the closest you've ever had a flight end in disaster with the passengers never knowing?
I think my daughter is caught the world of human trafficking. What do I do?
What are some interesting "internet mysteries" to read about?
What's your greatest "I am so fucked" moment
What's your greatest achievement to date that you WON'T be putting on your CV?
What is the greatest thing you've done with no one around to witness it?
People with one testicle: What's the story of how you lost it and how it has affected your life?
What's stopping the American public from firing congress?
What is for you the biggest red flag during sex?
If we knew that the earth would end in 75 years with 100% certainty (asteroid for example), what would life be like here on earth up until then?
What fact about the human body astounds you everytime you think about it again? 
What song gives the worst advice?
What non-sexual thing turns you on the most?
Grew up in an anti-vaccination family. Can you help educate me on this topic?
What is the shittiest comment that you've seen receive Reddit Gold?
What is a disgusting habit you have that you've managed to keep from everyone?
What is the question you keep forgetting the answer to?
Extreme/conservative Christians, what are your and your families' thoughts on Pope Francis and his "unorthodox" ideas for Christianity? (Serious)
If a witch were to cast a spell on you, turning you into an inanimate object for 20 years, what would you prefer that object to be?
You have access to Google from the year 3013. You can do 3 searches. What would they be?
What would have to happen for you to start protesting in the street?
What do you lie to yourself about?
Lets go against today's theme. Whats something awesome that your teacher did?
If you could destroy one item in the world forever. Which one and Why?
What book has actually caused self improvement in your life?
What's the best two player video game I can play with my girlfriend?
What is a stereotype that you fulfill?
What place do you constantly walk by, but never walk into?
What habit do you find most difficult to escape from?
What's Making You Happy Right Now? :)
What's a food you loved as a kid, that sucks now?
The last item you purchased is the weapon you use throughout the zombie apocalypse, how screwed are you?
Which 2 games would you merge together to create the ultimate game?
What's your favourite British TV show?
What's your favourite gif/video with an unexpected ending?
What's your favourite music video of all time?
What's your favourite one-liner pun?
What is you favourite porn site besides the mainstream ones?
Without telling us the name of the movie, what's the moral of the story?
Why aren't you out tonight?
What's an old Youtube video that you're surprised never went Viral?
What can I achieve before 2013 is over?
If your first love came back to offer you everything you ever dreamed of, what would you do?
If you had to give one piece of advice to teenagers, what would it be?
If you had to live the rest of your life inside a movie which would it be, and why?
Millionaires: how did you do it?
When did you know your relationship was over?
What good movie was spoiled by a terrible actor?
Deaf people who watched Mandela's memorial on TV, how confused were you?
To those taken away by the CPS in childhood, what happened? At the time, were you glad or upset? Has that changed?
What annoys you way more than it should?
Guys, whats the weirdest place you've stuck your dick?
If minimum wage went up to $15, wouldn't prices of goods go up similarly thus negating the increase?
Dumpster divers.What has been your best find?
What do you say when you are in a public restroom and someone knocks on the door?
Clerks who have worked in pharmacy photo developing labs, what's the strangest thing you've seen on a roll of film someone brought in? (NSFW)
People who have worked with celebrities, what are they like?
Graveyard Shift workers, what crazy, creepy, unbelievable things have you seen working in the dead of night?
Which celebrity would be the most fun to hunt for sport, and why?
If cameras had existed for all of human history, what are some pictures you'd really want to see?
If you could only post the same one sentence to everything you wanted to reply to on reddit, what would your sentence be?
What is a mystery that should be left undiscovered?
What is a habit you do when drunk?
What passion do you have that others have trouble understanding?
What debate can you not understand the other side to?
What movie have you watched more times than you are comfortable with?
Girls, what are your everyday problems that guys don't know about?
What secret did your family keep from you until you were an adult?
You get to name your kid! But the top reply to your comment gets to pick the middle name. What do you choose?
Women, what are your thoughts on taking a man's surname when married?
How do you stop yourself from procrastinating?
[Serious] Christmas 2013 Megathread! You start the topic with each top-level comments.
[Serious] What's the scariest/creepiest video on the Internet that doesn't involve blood or death?
Women of Reddit: what's the most memorable compliment you've ever received?
Reddit, what do you think will be the major news headlines of 2014?
What fact about the human body astounds you everytime you think about it again? [NSFW]
Ladies of reddit, what the best, non-sexual thing that a man can do to display his affection for you?
[serious] Veterinarians of reddit, what are the worst things non-abusive people do that harms their pets?
Aliens of Reddit: how do you disguise yourself to avoid detection?
What's the sluttiest thing you've ever done? (NSFW)
what is the craziest thing ever aired on live television
Redditors who don't drink alcohol, what made you decide not to drink / quit drinking? [Serious]
What do people need to START doing?
What did 2013 teach you?
If you had to watch two people battle to the death who would you pick?
How do you effectively report an entire subreddit to the admins?
What is the worst thing you've found while snooping around other people's stuff?
Reddit, using just one word, what do you think can get the most upvotes?
Parents of Reddit, have you ever thought that any of your children weren't going to make it in life as an adult and been wrong?
Men of reddit:What is the most memorable compliment you have ever received?
If you could see a statistic above everyone's head, what statistic would you see?
What food will you only buy name brand?
What are the best games to play with my non-gamer S.O.?
Police officers of reddit, what have been the best excuses people gave when pulled over?
What do you think will be the biggest discovery/event in your lifetime?
What is your favorite healthy food?
What is a "universal truth" that you don't think is true?
What picture best describes your username?
What is one phrase that you instantly apply a sexual connotation to?
People who have been shot. What does it feel like?
what do you feel passionate for, while others don't seem to care?
Men of Reddit, what's your guilty pleasure?
Dear Reddit: What movie plot lines from 20 years ago would fall apart with today's technology?
What things do Redditors like that you hate?
What is your favorite non-english song?
[serious] who is the scariest person you've ever met?
What do redditors do that you love?
[serious] What was your moment of purest, deepest terror?
What is the best purchase you ever made under $20?
Have you known someone who has killed someone else? [serious]
If cartoon physics were real, what would the pros and cons be?
